Principle of authority.
cue-1
People who are regarded as authoritative and knowledgeable in a particular
cue-2
area are often viewed as more influential, perhaps because
cue-3
credibility and authority are important components of trust.
cue-4
The more we trust someone, the more likely we are to comply with their
cue-5
suggestions.
cue-6
As a result, when we want to make good decisions, we tend to rely
cue-7
on advice given by experts in the field.
cue-8
The utilization of authority figures to deceive users is a
cue-9
widespread and potent tactic.
cue-10
In some spear phishing campaigns or emails, the malicious actors
cue-11
impersonate the Chief Executive Officer and compel the Chief Financial Officer
cue-12
to wire money promptly.
cue-13
This technique when combined with urgency can create fear in
cue-14
individuals who may be hesitant to refuse their superiors
cue-15
request.